Day-1
------
Full-Stack Web Development course
-----------------------------------------
Ref the diagram

What is a software ?
Collection of programs which we used to achive a task.

what is a program?
Set of instructions given to the computer.

what is a MLL?
MLL stands for Machine level language or binary language [o's and 1's] which
computer can able to understand

What is ALL?
ALL stands for assembly level language.

What is Assembler?
Assembler is a system software which is used to convert ALL to MLL.

What is HLL?
HLL stands for high level language it is human understanable language.

what is Compiler ?
Compiler is a system software which is used to convert HLL to MLL.


Ref the diagram

what are the types of the softwares?
There are two types of softwares
1. System software : These are the s/w which is used to interact with hardware components 
of the computer 
example : operating system,compiler,interpreter etc

2.Application software : These are the s/w used to achive specific task.
example : Facebook,zomoto,amazon,notepad etc..!


Every application s/w will consist of 3 layers in it.They are:
1. Web logic : User interface or frontend part of the software
[web logic is created by using the languages like HTML,CSS,javascript etc]

2.App logic : Business logic of the application
[App logic is created by using the languages like Python,java,c,c++  etc]

3.DB logic : Datbase or data storage of the application
[Db logic is handled by using the softwares such as Mysql,Oracle,sqlite3 etc]


Note : combination of all the 3 layers is what we call it as Full-stack and the person who
know these technologies we call me as Full-Stack developers

Program execution of different languages
-------------------------------------------
C program execution [ref the dia]
Java program execution [ref the dia and program]
Python program execution [ref the dia and program]

Execute Hello world program in cmd in both java and python language.








